TINY-8138: Rework `mceAddEditor` command to use an object value (#7516)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- The `tinymce.settings` global property is no longer set upon initialization #TINY-7359
- Add-ons such as plugins and themes are no longer constructed using the `new` operator #TINY-8256
- A number of APIs that were not proper classes, are no longer constructed using the `new` operator #TINY-8322

> - The `mceAddEditor` command now takes an object as its value to specify the id and editor options #TINY-8138

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `mceAddEditor` and `mceToggleEditor` command now takes an object as its value to specify the id and editor options #TINY-8138
```

> - The `mceAddEditor` and `mceToggleEditor` command now takes an object as its value to specify the id and editor options #TINY-8138

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `mceAddEditor` and `mceToggleEditor` commands now take an object as their value to specify the id and editor options #TINY-8138
```
nitpick, but ?

Author: That sounds a lot better so will update it to use your working. Thanks
